Add Testerina Service and Client testing guide (#2267)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/user-guide/testing-ballerina-code/writing-tests.md

For information on using configurable variables, see
 [Configurable Variables](/learn/by-example/configurable.html).

> Dependencies meant to be resolved only during testing can be specified in the `Ballerina.toml` file

Reviewer: Shall we list it under a topic `Test Dependencies`?

Author: Created a new Topic `Test Dependencies`

> Dependencies meant to be resolved only during testing can be specified in the `Ballerina.toml` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dependencies meant to be resolved only during testing and can be specified in the `Ballerina.toml` file
```

by specifiying the scope

```toml
[[platform.java11.dependency]]
path = "/user/foo/libs/abc.jar"
scope = "testOnly"
```

## Testing Ballerina Services and Clients

> Testing Ballerina services involves sending specific requests to the service using a client, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Testing Ballerina services involves sending specific requests to the service using a client
```

and verifying the responses using the assertion functions. The aim is to make sure that the service 
and client behave as expected when sending and recieving both expected requests and malformed ones.

### Configuring Services and Clients

Services or Clients can be defined in such a way as to accommodate for testing under certain 

> conditions by making use of Configurable variables. Maintaining a test configurable configuration 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
conditions by making use of configurable variables. Maintaining a test configurable configuration 
```

> Services or Clients can be defined in such a way as to accommodate for testing under certain 
> conditions by making use of Configurable variables. Maintaining a test configurable configuration 
> allows us to re-define the host or port as required. For example, when defining a Service, the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service or Client configurations can be defined for testing using Configurable variables. Maintaining a test configurable configuration 
allows us to re-define the host or port as required. For example, when defining a Service, the value
```

> allows us to re-define the host or port as required. For example, when defining a Service, the value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
allows you to re-define the host or port as required. For example, when defining a service, the value
```

for the host or port can be specified in the `Config.toml` file, which will be used specifically 

> when running the tests. 

Reviewer: Let's add a sample Config.toml and mention the path where it needs to be added.

Reviewer: We can provide an example service in the section `Testing Services` and make use of the same example to demonstrate test specific Config.toml. We can reorder the topics to do that. WDYT?

Author: Added an example and moved the configuration portion towards the end of the guide

```ballerina
configurable string hostName = ?;
configurable int port = ?;

http:Client clientEndpoint = check new (hostName);

service /testService on new http:Listener(port) {
    
} 
```

### Testing Services

Any services defined in the package will start up on their defined ports and will remain running
for the duration of the testing phase after which they will be automatically shut down. This allows

> you to send requests directly to the service inorder to test its functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you to send requests directly to the service in order to test its functionality.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that you need to have tests defined in the respective module where the service is defined in order for the service to start automatically.
```

Reviewer 2: Don't use the word "please" in any technical documentation. Can add a note section.

> To test a service, you can create a client in the test source that sends requests directly to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test a service, you can create a client in the test source, which sends requests directly to 
```

the service and use the test assertion functions to assert the responses. This can be used for both

> services defined in the package as well 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services defined in the package as well.
```

### Testing Clients

> In cases where a fully fledged client is already defined for a particular service, we can make use 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In cases where a fully fledged client is already defined for a particular service, you can make use 
```

> of Object Mocking to mock the calls to the service and return curated responses to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of object mocking to mock the calls to the service and return curated responses to the client.
```
